[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now, you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy, a boy
whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew arrive
on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones,
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It's not long before
the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict,
and find themselves in the
midst of an all-out war!
After a change of plans,
Hordy threatens to
crush the entire island
under the weight
of a massive ship.
[AMMO KNIGHT D] We've juist
been informed it's lost power.
As a result, it's
begun falling again,
and it's hurtling
towards the island.
Goodness, no!
He spoke earlier, and--
[FUKABOSHI]
It's clear now. Hordy is--
He's not a Fishman.
He's a monster brought
to life by our hatred.
The New Fishman Pirates,
they're nothing but remnants
of a grudge from ages past.
[FUKABOSHI]
Answer me, damnit!
What did humans do to you
that was so unforgivable?
Why? What in this world
could inspire such cruelty?
Not one damn thing.
[gasps]
The simple truth? We were chosen
by heaven to punish the humans.
That is our purpose.
[HORDY]
And we have the power to do so.
All of their fury,
their hatred,
it doesn't come from
experience or logic or fact.
They have no substance.
[FUKABOSHI]
Just empty cruelty!
[LUFFY] "Back to Zero!
Earnest Wishes for Luffy!"
[FUKABOSHI]
Their hatred,
it doesn't come from
experience or logic or fact.
They have no substance.
Just empty cruelty!
So now what?
I get what he's saying, but
how are they gonna stop them?
[FISHMAN B] Hey, what're
you standing around for?
We gotta get off
the island right now!
I can see the shadow
of the Noah already!
It's right over our heads!
[AMMO KNIGHT B]
Keep your eyes peeled!
It's almost in range!
[AMMO KNIGHT D]
I know that!
Our time is running out.
How much inflation do we
have to work with right now?
'Bout 87%!
Here it comes. Let's get ready!
[LUFFY]
Hurry, Weepyhoshi!
[laughing]
What's happening?
He looks even more
frightening than before!
[laughs]
[ARLONG] Humans are
worthless, evil creatures.
Never forget that, Hordy.
They're scum.
Barely fit to serve us.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE H]
This is it, we're done for!
Ever since the Great
Pirate Era started,
we've been losing more and
more of our people every day.
The humans take the mermaids
to Sabaody and sell them off.
Some of them went
missing this morning!
I'm telling you, it's
just a matter of time
before Fishman Island falls!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE I]
Filthy humans!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE J] We gotta
kill them before they kill us!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE K] Yeah, we
can't leave a single one alive!
[ZEO]
Damn. Humans are the worst.
Yeah, humans suck!
[IKAROS]
You got stronger, I see-hhi!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE A]
Amazing!
Fishman Island has a new hero!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE L]
Listen up!
This man sacrificed his life
to blow up the Human Shoppe
and set the slaves free!
Pay your respects!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheering]
A hero, huh?
Serves 'em right. Stupid humans.
[OTHERS]
Hm?
Ha! That guy's awesome!
[ZEO]
Sure is.
Yeah, that's what
I wanna be-hhi!
Count me in.
[chuckles]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE M]
Have you heard the news?
Arlong sank another
human pirate ship!
Now, I'll tell you about those
wretched worms called humans.
Ages ago, when they realized
that we, the Fishmen,
were the superior race,
they became jealous and afraid.
And then... they began
to persecute our people.
The human race plagued
the entire world,
like the vermin they are.
They used their numbers to gain
dominance over our people.
Then all of us Fishmen
were driven down here
to the sea floor.
Listen to me,
and don't forget this!
The humans know that they will
one day face retribution
for the wrongs they
have inflicted upon us!
We'll settle the score
and make them suffer.
Remember the plight
of our people.
Let yourself feel the bitterness
of those who've passed on
and make their
resentment your own.
Hold fast to your anger.
[chuckles]
There's this really nice
human named Rayleigh
I made friends with
on the surface.
And he's not mean
like the rest are!
He doesn't even look that
disgusted when he sees me.
Wait, Hordy!
Where are you going?
[HORDY] I don't like your
stupid stories, Hachi.
They make me sick.
[ARLONG]
Humans fear the Fishmen.
You must keep the bitterness
of the dead alive, Hordy.
Remember our past.
The very existence of
humanity is pure evil.
You must hate them.
Hate them.
Hate them!
[MERMAN A] This is terrible!
Tiger's been slain by humans!
The hero of the Fishmen is dead!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE N]
No!
[ZEO] It seems Tiger was
not the hero we needed.
[FISHMAN C] Who are you
people? What do you want?
[ZEO] Is it true you gave
your blood to humans?
So what if I did? He was
dying, I had to help hi--
[FISHMAN C screaming]
[MERBOY A]
Daddy!
[HORDY]
This whole country's mad,
right down to the royal family.
The queen's looking to make
nice with the humans.
[DARUMA laughs]
How stupid can you be?
Jimbei, too.
Heard he joined the Seven
Warlords recently-hhi.
[DOSUN] The Arlong Pirates
are the only ones
with any pride these days.
[HORDY]
We need a new kind of hero.
[BOTH]
Hm?
Huh?
[HORDY]
Someone who has no fear.
Someone who can set
this country straight.
[AMMO KNIGHT E]
Queen Otohime has been shot!
Ya see? The humans are evil!
They would even stoop so
low as to kill the queen!
And after she's been
so kind to them!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE O]
If the royal family is too meek
to hold the humans accountable,
then I can't be loyal to
this kingdom anymore!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE P]
I don't wanna be ruled
by a bunch of cowards!
[ALL cheer]
The heavens have repaid that
spineless Otohime for bowing!
[DOSUN] Anyone who wants
to forgive humans
deserves a big dosun
to the head!
[ALL laughing]
[laughing continues]
I hope you're ready, boys.
It's our time now.
We've been chosen
by the heavens.
Granted this unstoppable power.
Is that what I think it is?
Those are legendary-hhi!
How did you get
your hands on this?
You can duplicate
these, can't you?
[ZEO]
I'll try.
[HORDY] The people of
the Fishman District
must come together.
Our proud crusade
is about to begin.
No mercy!
We'll kill as many humans as
we can, until the day we die.
This is our destiny.
We've been chosen by heaven
to bring about the revolution.
The day of reckoning is coming.
[HORDY laughs]
This is the end of the
road for all of you.
We've been biding our
time for long enough!
Now we'll take our
revenge at last.
[HORDY laughs]
We could've stopped all this.
I see now.
The royal family
turned their eyes
away from the Fishman District.
In our negligence,
we allowed it to become
a breeding ground for
violence and hatred.
We pretended not to
see the resentment
that built up as a result
of their isolation.
Even as it descended
into lawlessness,
we lived in willful ignorance.
Not so fast!
You goin' somewhere?
We have to run! The Noah--
I don't think so!
[FUKABOSHI] I thought collecting
those signatures would help,
but I wasn't addressing
the true issue.
Please forgive me, Mother.
I'm so sorry.
I know it's difficult.
But you can't pollute
the children's minds
with your anger towards humans.
Your resentment,
do not make it theirs!
But it was too late!
Despite all her pleading,
the thing she feared had
already been set in motion!
Oh, Fukaboshi.
[FUKABOSHI]
The real enemy
was the resentment brewing
inside our hearts.
I felt it, too. That hatred.
But refusing to admit
that, I looked outward,
when I should've looked inward.
My mother's true killer...
was the grudge that festered
among our people while
we turned a blind eye!
But it was too late!
Despite her pleading,
the thing she feared
had already been set in motion!
The real enemy
was the resentment brewing
inside our hearts.
I felt it, too. That hatred.
But refusing to admit that,
I looked outward,
when I should've looked inward.
My mother's true killer...
was the grudge that festered
among our people while
we turned a blind eye!
And I believe she knew it
in that very moment!
My dear children, it doesn't
matter who hurt me.
Don't become angry.
Please, not on my behalf.
Don't submit to resentment.
Don't let hatred get
the better of you.
In my name, or any other.
[FUKABOSHI]
I listened to my mother's words,
but part of me wasn't able
to let go of my anger.
I couldn't help but hate
humans for killing her.
Me neither.
[FUKABOSHI]
A person's pain dies with them.
A grudge is created
by the living,
and only the living
make it grow stronger.
Because of my prejudice,
I overlooked what was happening
in the Fishman District.
And by the time I
came to my senses,
it was already spiraling
out of control!
[FISHMEN, MERFOLK screaming]
[FUKABOSHI]
If we don't do something soon,
the people of Fishman
Island will be done in
by their own hatred!
A foe more deadly
than any human!
[FISHBABY A cries]
This'll be tough, men. It's
not like the island's bubble.
It might shoot right
past the Noah!
[AMMO KNIGHT B] It needs to get
close enough to surround it--
no more, no less!
[FUKABOSHI]
Straw Hat! Please!
Erase our past!
Set us back to zero!
Eradicate the shadows
cast by our grudge
so that we may see the light!
Okay. Get ready to fire!
I'm on it!
[ALL]
Here we go!
All we can do is start over!
We must!
Would you give it
a rest already?
The rage of our people
will never die!
Brother-hoshi.
Just let me do this my way.
Trust me.
[FISHMAN E]
Hey, wait a second!
Those guys fighting Hordy's crew
in the plaza, aren't they--?
[FISHMAN F]
Yeah. You're right.
They're the Straw Hat Pirates!
[FISHMAN J]
And Boss Jimbei, too!
[FISHMAN K]
What?
[ICHIKA]
That's Luffy's voice!
[NIKA]
You're right!
[AMMO KNIGHT D]
We did it! It's in the bubble!
[ALL cheering]
[LUFFY] Our minds were made up
as soon as we got to the plaza.
With Jimbei's help, we were
gonna save this island!
Leave it to me and my crew!
That's what friends
are for, right?
[giggling]
[FISHMEN, MERFOLK cheering]
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT] We
should never have suspected him,
human or not!
What's the holdup? We should go!
Hurry up! Run!
I think I'm gonna stay here.
What?
[MERMAID B]
Me, too!
[FISHMAN L]
Yeah. Same here!
[MERMAID C]
I am not running away!
[FISHMAN M]
Me neither!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Luffy! There's air on the Noah!
[LUFFY]
Yeah!
[laughs]
That may be,
but I'm going to catch you
long before you get there.
What should we do, Luffy?
You'll be okay.
Just follow my lead
and I promise I won't
let Hordy hurt you.
Yes! Right!
Huh?
Feeling brave?
Careful, Luffy!
That machine's no match
for the spirit of the squid!
[FRANKY]
Spirit?
That's not spirit!
That's just spit!
[FRANKY]
Huh? Ink?
[chuckles]
Fortunately-hhi, I can copy
myself with squid ink.
The spirit of the
squid is unstop--
[FRANKY]
Franky Fireball!
[IKAROS] No! I don't
wanna be dried squid!
Wow! I didn't know your robot
could shoot fireballs!
How many cool attacks
can this baby do?
[coughs]
[FRANKY]
Huh?
Wait, that came outta you?!
You really shouldn't have
let your guard down, little guy!
Yeah, like I would!
Weight Point!
T-shot!
Heavy Gong!
Who uses their bare hand
to stop a hammer?
On second thought,
I probably coulda found a
less painful way to do that.
Hey, Chopper!
I thought that one was supposed
to be your normal-looking form.
Sure you're okay
lookin' so freaky?
[CHOPPER laughs]
I don't care anymore.
I wanted to look human before
because I didn't
have any friends.
But now, I wanna be a
monster so I can help Luffy!
Gotcha.
[HYOUZOU] I'll slice that
smile right off your face!
[HYOUZOU yells]
[ZORO] Bring me the real
strongest swordsman
on Fishman Island.
There's no way it's you.
I didn't even break a sweat.
Got you now!
[laughs]
Sorry, but your time is up!
Did you hear a word that I said?
I'm gonna save them all, from
you and anything you've got!
[NARRATOR] The battle against
the New Fishman Pirates
races towards its climax
in Conchorde Plaza.
Meanwhile, in the open sea,
Hordy mercilessly pummels
Luffy in a fit of rage.
However, Luffy is determined to
keep his promise to Fukaboshi
and unleashes his
most deadly attack
in hopes of finishing the
battle before it's too late.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Luffy's All-Out Attack!
Red Hawk Blasts!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!